docs: Update features and move it to the technical reference (#4829)
kyma-project/busola: docs/user/technical-reference/feature-flags.md

# Feature Flags

The document explains the usage of feature flags in Busola, lists and describes all the available feature flags, and provides their configuration examples.

## Configuring Feature Flags

> [Configuration.md](Here is descritpion how to work with conflig files in busola)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Configuration.md](Here is description how to work with config files in busola)
```

# Feature Flags

The document explains the usage of feature flags in Busola, lists and describes all the available feature flags, and provides their configuration examples.

## Configuring Feature Flags

Feature flags can be configured at two levels:

### Per-Cluster Configuration

You can configure feature flags for a specific cluster by uploading a `busola-config` ConfigMap to the `kube-public` namespace of that cluster. When you log in to the cluster, Busola reads the ConfigMap and applies the feature flags accordingly.

For details on the ConfigMap structure and available configuration keys, see [Busola Configuration](configuration.md).

### Installation-Level Configuration

You can configure feature flags globally for all clusters at the Busola installation level. There are two options:

> - Modify the `config.yaml` file in your environment directory under `public/environments`. This affects all clusters managed by that Busola installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modify the `config.yaml` in `public/config`.
```

> - Set the `ENVIRONMENT` environment variable to point to a custom environment directory that contains your `config.yaml` with the desired flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the `ENVIRONMENT` environment variable to point to a custom environment. For details on environment-specific settings, see [Busola Configuration](configuration.md#environment-specific-settings).
```

> For details on environment-specific settings, see [Busola Configuration](configuration.md#environment-specific-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> This table lists the frontend configurable feature flags, their descriptions, and default values.

Reviewer: I would add information that those flags can be configured by on cluster instance level by uploading ConfigMaps to it. The busola will load those flag when login to the cluster and configure accordingly.
Another option is to set those flags at busola installation level by modifying the `config.yaml` or set special environment. Then you can build and run busola with those flags enabled for all clusters.
